---
sidebar_position: 7
---

# Terms of Service

:::info

Last updated: July 8, 2024

:::

These Terms of Service constitute a legal agreement between Cubelify ("we", "us", "our") and you ("you" or "your") and
concern your access to and usage of our services. By using our services you agree that you have read, understood, and
agreed to be bound by these terms. If you do not consent to these terms, you should discontinue your usage of our
services immediately.

By using our services you also consent to our [Privacy Policy](/privacy).

Our services are intended for users who are at least 13 years of age. Users who are minors in their appropriate
jurisdiction (generally under the age of 18) must first obtain consent of their parent or guardian who must supervise
their usage of these services.

## Usage

You must only use our services for their intended purposes, in compliance will all applicable law, regulation, and third
party rights. You must not use our services to conduct, encourage, or promote any illegal activities or violation of
third party rights.

You must only use our services in alignment with their intended purposes and documentation. You must not automate your
usage of our services, or in any way circumvent any limitations placed by us on your usage of our services, including,
but not limited to, circumvention of feature availability restrictions or rate limiting. You may not take any action
aimed at disrupting the availability or functionality of our services.

In order to access certain parts of our services you may be required to register for a user account. You may not share
access to your user account with other users, nor provide them with access to or share parts of our services with
restricted availability that they would otherwise be unable to access.

## Termination

You may cease usage of our services at any moment. We reserve the right to terminate your usage of our services at any
point, for any reason (including, but not limited to, your violation of these terms) and at any time, without liability
or other obligation to you.

## Warranties

EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THE TERMS, WE DO NOT MAKE ANY SPECIFIC PROMISES ABOUT OUR SERVICES. FOR EXAMPLE, WE DON'T
MAKE ANY COMMITMENTS ABOUT THE CONTENT ACCESSED THROUGH OUR SERVICES, THE SPECIFIC FUNCTIONS OF OUR SERVICES, OR THEIR
RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, OR ABILITY TO MEET YOUR NEEDS. WE PROVIDE OUR SERVICES "AS IS". SOME JURISDICTIONS PROVIDE
FOR CERTAIN WARRANTIES, LIKE THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED FOR IN THE TERMS, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE EXCLUDE ALL
WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND UNDERTAKINGS.

## Limitation of Liability

WHEN PERMITTED BY LAW, WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS, REVENUES, OR DATA; FINANCIAL LOSSES; OR INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, OUR TOTAL LIABILITY, FOR ANY
CLAIM UNDER THE TERMS, INCLUDING FOR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IS LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US TO USE THE APPLICABLE
SERVICES (OR, IF WE CHOOSE, TO SUPPLYING YOU OUR SERVICES AGAIN) DURING THE SIX MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO
THE LIABILITY. IN ALL CASES, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY EXPENSE, LOSS, OR DAMAGE THAT IS NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.
